Names: Paulina Gonzalez-Brito, Thomas Speer
UFIDs: 14734443, 80978847



#Usage
1.Build Files
g++ generate.cpp -o generate</br>
g++ cache_sim.cpp -o cache_sim</br>

Usage Guide:
./generate k m max seed output_file
k->Cache Capacity
m->number of requests
max->largest possible item number
seed->seed number for random number generator
test.out->output file name

./cache_sim input_file
input_file->file generated by generate.cpp

Example Usage:
./generate 3 240 15 1 test.in<br>
./cache_sim test.in



#Problem Statement
Implement and compare three cache eviction policies on the same request sequence:

FIFO (First-In, First-Out)

LRU (Least Recently Used)

OPTFF (Belady’s Farthest-in-Future, optimal offline)

You will also complete a short written component, including a proof that OPTFF is optimal.

You are given:

A cache of capacity ( k )

A sequence of ( m ) requests ( r_1, r_2,.., r_m )

For each request:

If the item is already in the cache, this is a hit.

Otherwise, this is a miss. Insert the item:

If the cache is not full, simply insert it.

If the cache is full, evict one item according to the policy.

Eviction Policies
FIFO: Evict the item that has been in the cache the longest.

LRU: Evict the item whose most recent access time is the oldest.

OPTFF: Among items currently in the cache, evict the one whose next request occurs farthest in the future (or never occurs again).

Input Format
Your program must read input from a file with the following format:

k m
r1 r2 r3 ... rm
Where:

( k ) = cache capacity ( ( k >= 1 ) )

( m ) = number of requests

( r_1, .., r_m ) = sequence of integer IDs

Output Format
Your program must output:

FIFO  : <number_of_misses>
LRU   : <number_of_misses>
OPTFF : <number_of_misses>
